# datascience

This is my first data science project. I learned a lot due to this project, whether it's in python or in the area of data science. The biggest part in such projects is the data preparation and cleansing. As well as in every other data science project, I spend a lot of time here until I came to the most fun part, the model building and prediction. I tried and errored different approaches during the data preparation, read about better ways and worse ways to do it. I sometimes used the long way to get a better understanding of how the data has to be prepared instead of using the short and faster approach. The main goal of this project is to show some ways of data preparation as well as predict the delay of a flight based on his input features. Therefore I needed to prepare and create data, which will be handled in the first chapter “Data Analysis and Preprocessing”. There I will give an overview of the data structure and the data condition as well. The next chapter then, will contain the “Feature and Label Selection” were especially the features will be determined by different feature selections approaches. According to the goal of predicting the delay, the target of this essay is the flight delay at arrival. To determine the target I use the Random Forest Regression approach. The amount of 5 million flights is quite a lot for the computation time, therefore I will slice smaller size datasets and use them for prediction.

We would be very pleased for any feedback on this project and the coding ways. So feel free to leave some comments. It's our first project and it can only get better. We are looking forward to your feedback and a upvote if liked it. Thanks a lot.
